The current document is an appeal by special leave against a decision made by the Central Government Industrial Tribunal regarding the work hours and rest periods of workmen employed by the Bombay Port Trust. The dispute centers around the introduction of variable recess and overtime hours, which the workmen claim violates the provisions of the Factories Act, 1948 and the Minimum Wages (Central) Rules, 1950. The Trustees argue that the workload at different docks justifies the current system, which involves a 12-hour shift consisting of 8 hours of work, 2 hours of rest with variable hours, and 2 hours of overtime. The workmen have opposed the variable recess and claim that a fixed 4-hour rest period and 3-hour overtime should be implemented. The document clarifies that the number of hours constituting a normal working day is 9, which can be spread over 12 hours with specified intervals for rest. Overtime pay is required for work beyond 9 hours in a day, but the total number of hours in a week cannot exceed 48, with overtime pay required for work beyond this limit. The document also mentions that the daily hours of work, intervals for rest, and spread over of working time are regulated by other Acts and rules, but the current document applies to the Port Trust. The Trustees cannot be compelled to break up the hours of work by interposing intervals for rest if it is difficult due to the nature of the work, and the recess is fixed as near the middle of the work as possible, depending on the tides. The document also notes that the crew at the Prince's and Victoria Docks work differently from other crews and their case cannot be compared with those at the Alexandra Docks or the Flotilla Crew. The document summarizes a decision made by a Central Government Industrial Tribunal regarding a dispute between workmen at different docks in Liverpool, England, where the workmen at the Prince's and Victoria Docks argued for equal treatment in terms of overtime hours compared to the workmen at the Alexandra Docks and the Flotilla Crew. The workmen at the Alexandra Docks had a specified interval for rest, while the Flotilla Crew worked as and when required for full 12-hour shifts. The tribunal found that the workmen at the Prince's and Victoria Docks worked differently and their case could not be compared to the others. The decision of the tribunal was upheld, and the appeal was dismissed, with no order made regarding costs.